UTC20151104

These development practices largely follow the Urbit Contribution
Guidelines, with additional protocols to support multiple
projects. They are designed to scale with low administrative overhead
from small to moderately sized codebases and project teams.

General Principles:

1. Keep IXT maintained repos as few as possible, bias contributions
instead to upstream maintainers. Forks of non-organic repos are not
considered to be under maintanence for this purpose.

2. IXT repos, whether native or external forks, are never pushed to
directly. All code changes are the result of a pull request from a
development fork (to which the contributor has first-class push
access) to the IXT repo test branch, then a PR from test to master (as
conditions dictate).

3. The canonical origin for IXT developed projects is the IXT repo
origin branch. It is the responsibility of the project administrator
to keep the IXT origin updated (e.g. if an external project's origin
changes), so that contributor forks may pull from the correct
environment to develop against.

4. Contributor pull requests are preferred over granting collaborator
status, to preserve the PR-only update of IXT canonical repos and
allow contributors a separate public record of their work.

5. Aside from assignation by IXT project admins, outside contributors
to IXT repos are considered team members, and held to the same
workflow standards.

Three main project structures: Organic, External, Symbiotic.

Organic: Projects conceived and begun entirely by Ix Technology the
corporate entity, or for which ownership has been transferred to the
company as if that criterion held.

Workflow: 

1. Project admin creates IxT project repo with two branches - master
and test.

2. Assign Team(s). Team members fork IxT repo, create personal branch
dev

3. Members develop on personal dev branches, push to personal remote
forks

4. Members submit pull requests from personal dev to IxT test.

5. Project admin merges pull request

6. Project admin submits pull request from IxT test to master, merges.

7. Team members pull IxT master to synchronize with latest production
code.

External: Projects begun outside of Ix Technology, by entities not
currently associated with the company, to which Ix Technology wishes
to contribute.

Workflow:

1. Project admin creates IXT fork of external repo, adds branch test
if not present.

2 - 5. Workflow continues as per steps 2 - 5 for Organic projects.

6. Project admin submits pull request from IXT test branch to external
project, following their PR guidelines.

7. Project admin pulls new canonical image from external repo,
team members resynchronize development forks from IXT fork.

Symbiotic: Projects begun outside of Ix Technology by entities
currently associated with the company, who wish to retain independent
ownership.

1 - 7. As per steps 1-7 for External projects, with the exception that
the owner of the repo may bypass submitting pull requests to the IXT
fork, and follow their own practices in maintaining their codebase. It
is recommended that development still follow a dev->test->master merge
flow, marked by public pull requests, to bolster transparency and
afford appropriate intervals to incorporate IXT and external
contributions.

